All right, so moving on, let's go continue moving on, let's go ahead and see if we can continue and
add the tip row here.
So we know that this is going to be a row because we have tip tax and then we have to the right here
on the same like really 33, which is going to be the tip amount.
It's going to be calculated as we slide left in down the slider down.
OK, so this is going to be a rule just like what we had at the top and we'll split, which is this
here?
And also because we're still testing things you notice we have this if statement there, right to see
if the state of our form or in this case or text field is valid.
Right.
So what I can do see here, go back to her right.
So since we're still working on debugging and we're still working on our user interface, this validate
here it's a little bit over the top, which means we can actually get rid of this if statement for now.
So I'm just going to go ahead and forward slashes there.
Feckless start from the bottom so we know exactly where it is.
And so click here the end of this call brace.
And let's see where that ends this l state right there.
So I'm just going to go ahead and do this.
And let's go ahead and also do that.
So let's go and run real quick.
So what this will do, it won't look at the validated state because we just testing things out, so
we want to be able to see right away when we run, see how our user interface is coming.
OK, so now every time we're just going to see everything there.
OK, let's go back to our code.
So what we want to do again, we want to put this structure here, which is this tip and add the number,
OK, I will go for our tip amount.
OK, so let's see this row and right about there.
OK, so right about there.
I'm just going to say tip row.
I say row.
And to add a modifier real quick here.
Put in your line
and I'm going to put a padding in for now, let's see.
So we have our row that's going to start.
First of all, I'm going to put a text out, say text like this.
Pass it a modifier.
And I will not align this tax use alignment.
The alignment first.
We want this to be center vertical vertical, you should say.
OK, that's good.
And then what we want to do because it's in a row, we want to give some sort of space right this space
here.
So.
Right after this tax.
I'm going to add a spacer.
Say Modifier.
Give it a width of about 200 dpi.
Then I'm going to add another text, which is going to be theirs.
Now let's just put three like that.
And we want the same thing to happen and pass this modifier here.
Should be good.
OK, let's see.
Now split.
It's refreshing.
OK, so we can see in there we go.
Let's see.
He looks really nice.
Looks this text there less now what we want to code is make sure it's.
I put text this should be tip.
OK.
All right, there you go.
It looks good.
Now let's go ahead and give some space of some padding around this entire row because at this point
this is not looking good.
And I'm going to give you more space and our emulator can be in the background.
So we have more space than OK.
If we need it, we'll call it.
So instead of all row here, we haven't passed anything as arguments.
Let's change that first one.
We're going to say modify your password, modify here because when I change a few things, something
modifier versus padding and I want.
To say horizontal padding, just a general horizontal padding, analysts give about three deep.
And let's keep an eye out of padding here.
Let's give vertical padding.
Of about 12 dpi.
OK, so refresh.
OK.
Looks much, much better.
You can see just a little differences, but we can keep tweaking everything.
But at this point, that's fine.
This continue.
OK, so we are done with this pro tip.
Let's go ahead and add this.
Another row here, which is going to contain the actual percentage in this case of which is going to
contain the percentage, which is which is going to contain the tip percentage by the user is wanting
to give.
Now looking at the structure here, remember these two, so have the slider and we have the text.
They should go together.
If that's the case, then they need.
We don't need a row here.
We need another column because it's going to be top to bottom.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Back to our code.
Right where we finish that tomorrow, right here, and let's go ahead and say column.
And let's just say vertical alignment or arrangement, that is when I say arrangements are going to
be center everything inside of this to be in the middle.
And give it a horizontal alignment.
And I want this to be center horizontally.
OK?
Setting up everything.
And so inside of our column here, first of all, I'm going to add a text because if you look within
this text here, very simple, the process, I'm hoping you feel this way as well.
And for a text here, it's just going to be again, say so far this at 33 percent, OK, and then here
is where are we going to put a spacer because we also want to give some space between the percentage
and our slider.
So you can see the theme is always the same or you can see we follow the same theme here.
So a width of.
Actually, I need height.
So modifier one, the height in this case, right, of about 14 dpi.
You can play with that.
That's fine.
So here is where we put our slider.
OK.
This structure here to create a slider.
It's very simple.
There's one out of the box that we can do two once a slider.
There we go, make sure we get this first letter here.
You can see its Android acts compose material.
That's exactly what we're looking for him to enter.
And you can see also that the same things happened when we were trying to put together when we were
putting together the filled text field, right?
Because the slider, you know, as you slide left and right, it has to consume certain values.
And we have to also get the own value change because we changing values as we start left and right.
So that is what we need to take a look at.
That is what we need to get.
So in this case here, I'm going to just say slider position.
So it's going to be a state which you haven't created yet.
And then the full on change, one value change that is this is going to be a lambada and we're going
to pass into and a new vowel as such.
All right.
So we're going to do some work here in a second.
Now.
So for a slight opposition state here, what do we need to do?
I'm going to copy this.
I'm going to go at the top of our function here.
And we're going to wait another state, OK?
Some might say foul
I could use by delegates or I could use what we have been doing, we say is equal to remember.
And then I'm going to say mutable state.
And for each value and the type they were going to pass, he was going to be a float with a zero f a
sash to say that this slider here, I think, have one too many.
Move that.
Here we go.
So to say again that our SLATTER position sticks as it was so, so as I was saying, our Slatter position
here will take a state, obviously, and the state's values, multiple state values are going to be
there will be floats as we move left or right.
This state is going to be the value.
Of course, the state value is going to be a float.
We have a problem here because we actually are wrapping this latter position with what it will say.
That means we have to get the value so that our U.S. So once you do that, then you see that we run
out of that issue here on values change.
We have this parameter that's passing and we have instead of a lambda so we can use that.
So for now, I'm going to say log D because when I see those values changing, there's nothing more
satisfying than seeing values changing because that just means things are working.
All right.
Just pass that along there.
And this is going to be slider.
Such can use any tag you want.
Let's go ahead and actually run this and see.
On the emulator or in this case or my actual device, my real device, and see if this is actually going
to work.
It's open lock.
Slider such.
All right.
This is very exciting.
He can see there is a slider there, and if he can start sliding and he can see the values are changing
and they are all float values.
OK, that's very good.
But what we need to do also notice as you try to change nothing, really.
The slider doesn't really slide, although the values are changing, but we don't see that thing happening,
this slider changing.
The reason why is because while we have the value, but we are not doing much with it, what we want
to do really is to set a slider position, value or state.
In this case, that value.
We're going to set that to our new value.
That makes sense because that's what we doing.
We start from zero in the beginning and as we slide, as we change the value, we want to update our
slider state the actual value.
All right.
So that's what we need to do to our fresh for to see the physical change instead of just the internal
change.
Of this new value here.
OK, now we can see why the.
And at the bottom, we can see that the values are changing.
Very good.
So we are making real good progress.
You can see was really easy to put together a slider, but there's some work we need to do here.
For instance, we need to make sure that we don't have floats.
So that means we need to multiply by a certain multiplier number to make it so that the percentages
actually look as percentages.
But that's easy and we're going to do next.
And you can see also the tip it's looking good.
Everything is starting to look pretty much like what we have here.